PSMDB-1539 Updated upgrade instuctions to drop configuration of fork and pidFilePath options (#946)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/install/upgrade-from-mongodb.md

            $ sudo chown -R mongod:mongod <custom-systemLog.path>
            ```

>          * Check the configuration file for the following configuration and remove it when upgrading to Percona Server for MongoDb 7.0.15 and onwards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * Check the configuration file for the following configuration and remove it when upgrading to Percona Server for MongoDB 7.0.15 and onwards:
```

            $ sudo chown -R mongod:mongod <custom-systemLog.path>
            ```

>          * Check the configuration file for the following configuration and remove it when upgrading to Percona Server for MongoDb 7.0.15 and onwards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * Check the configuration file for the following configuration and remove it when upgrading to Percona Server for MongoDB 7.0.15 and onwards:
```

## Upgrading to Percona Server for MongoDB with data at rest encryption enabled

> Steps to upgrade from MongoDB 7.0 Community Edition with data encryption enabled to Percona Server for MongoDB are different. `mongod` requires an empty `dbPath` data directory because it cannot encrypt data files in place. It must receive data from other replica set members during the initial sync. Please refer to the [Switching storage engines](../inmemory.md#switching-storage-engines) for more information on migration of encrypted data. [Contact us](https://www.percona.com/about-percona/contact#us) for working at the detailed migration steps, if further assistance is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to upgrade from MongoDB 7.0 Community Edition with data encryption enabled to Percona Server for MongoDB are different. `mongod` requires an empty `dbPath` data directory because it cannot encrypt data files in place. It must receive data from other replica set members during the initial sync. Please have a look at the [Switching storage engines](../inmemory.md#switching-storage-engines) for more information on the migration of encrypted data. [Contact us](https://www.percona.com/about-percona/contact#us) to work on the detailed migration steps if you need more help.
```
